some phrasing in the migration guides (#10083)
Qiskit/qiskit-terra: docs/migration_guides/algorithms_migration.rst

*Back to* `TL;DR`_

The classes in

> :mod:`qiskit.algorithms` are initialised with any implementation of :class:`qiskit.primitive.BaseSampler` or class:`qiskit.primitive.BaseEstimator`.

Reviewer: Tiny tiny detail, but the rest of the document follows American English spelling, so this should probably too:

```suggestion
:mod:`qiskit.algorithms` are initialized with any implementation of :class:`qiskit.primitive.BaseSampler` or class:`qiskit.primitive.BaseEstimator`.
```

Once the kind of primitive is known, you can choose between the primitive implementations that better adjust to your case. For example:

    a. For quick prototyping, you can use the **reference implementations of primitives** included in Qiskit: :class:`qiskit.primitives.Sampler` and :class:`qiskit.primitives.Estimator`.

>     b. For finer algorithm tuning, a local simulator such as the **primitive implementation in Aer**: :class:`qiskit_aer.primitives.Sampler` and :class:`qiskit_aer.primitives.Estimator`.

Author: Aer is an example of a local simulator that implement primitives.

>     b. For finer algorithm tuning, a local simulator such as the **primitive implementation in Aer**: :class:`qiskit_aer.primitives.Sampler` and :class:`qiskit_aer.primitives.Estimator`.

Reviewer: ok, never thought about it this way, but it makes sense

    c. For executing in quantum hardware you can:

>        * access a native-primitive services, such as **IBM's Qiskit Runtime service** via :class:`qiskit_ibm_runtime.Sampler` and :class:`qiskit_ibm_runtime.Estimator`

Author: I went for "services with native primitive implementations" in 40a3e699b6960c99b9dae42b9959041f93624a11

    a. Using **local** statevector simulators for quick prototyping: **Reference Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit.primitives`
    b. Using **local** Aer simulators for finer algorithm tuning: **Aer Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_aer.primitives`
    c. Accessing backends using **IBM's Qiskit Runtime service**: **Runtime primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_ibm_runtime`

>     d. Accessing backends **without native primitves support**: **Backends without native primitive support** via :class:`~qiskit.primitives.BackendSampler` and :class:`~qiskit.primitives.BackendEstimator`.

Reviewer: After our offline discussion, what about:

```suggestion
    d. Accessing backends **without native primitive support**: **Backend Primitives** (:class:`~qiskit.primitives.BackendSampler` and :class:`~qiskit.primitives.BackendEstimator`)
```

    a. Using **local** statevector simulators for quick prototyping: **Reference Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit.primitives`
    b. Using **local** Aer simulators for finer algorithm tuning: **Aer Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_aer.primitives`

>     c. Accessing backends using the **IBM's Qiskit Runtime service**: **Runtime primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_ibm_runtime`

Reviewer: I would say either 
```suggestion
    c. Accessing backends using **IBM's Qiskit Runtime service**: **Runtime primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_ibm_runtime`
```

Reviewer: or 
```suggestion
    c. Accessing backends using the **IBM Qiskit Runtime service**: **Runtime primitives** in :mod:`qiskit_ibm_runtime`
```

>     d. Accessing backends using a **non-native primitves in other provider**: **Backend Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit.primitives`

Reviewer: I am not sure if this conveys well what the backend primitive does, maybe I don't understand it well. In this case, the backend primitives are the non-native primitive, right? but you are not using a "non-native primitive in other provider", unless you consider qiskit-terra a provider? In any case, the sentence looks a bit difficult to read, what about rephrasing what you wrote in the opflow migration section:

```suggestion
    d. Using a non-native primitive to access backends without a native primitive support: **Backend Primitives** in :mod:`qiskit.primitives`
```

Author: As little as I like "backend primitives", I cannot find a better short description. So let's stay with it.
